1
Goldman Sachs
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is an American multinational investment bank and financial services company headquartered in New York City. Apart from investment banking, it offers services in investment management, securities, asset management, prime brokerage, and securities underwriting. ...Show MoreLearn More About Goldman Sachs:  Overview Jobs Salaries
2
Citi
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: CIT Group Inc. is a financial holding company incorporated in Delaware and headquartered in Pasadena, CA. The company's name is an abbreviation of an early corporate name, Commercial Investment Trust. It provides financing and leasing capital to customers in over 30 industries. CIT also operates CIT Bank. ...Show MoreLearn More About Citi:  Overview Jobs Salaries
3
Evercore
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: EverCore Capital Advisors provides its clients with exceptional experience in many facets of the financial world. ...Show MoreLearn More About Evercore:  Overview Jobs Salaries
4
BNY Mellon
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, which does business as BNY Mellon, is an American worldwide banking and financial services holding company headquartered in New York City. It was formed on July 1, 2007, as a result of the merger of The Bank of New York and Mellon Financial Corporation. It is the world's largest custodian bank and asset servicing company, with $1.9 trillion in assets under management and $33.3 trillion in assets under custody as of December 2017. ...Show MoreLearn More About BNY Mellon:  Overview Jobs Salaries
5
KKR & Co. L.P.
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: KKR & Co. L.P. (formerly known as Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co.) is a global investment firm that manages multiple alternative asset classes, including private equity, energy, infrastructure, real estate, credit, and, through its strategic partners, hedge funds. The firm has completed more than 280 private equity investments in portfolio companies with approximately $545 billion of total enterprise value as of June 30, 2017. As of September 30, 2017, Assets Under Management (“AUM”) and Fee Paying Assets Under Management (“FPAUM”) were $153 billion and $114 billion, respectively. ...Show MoreLearn More About KKR & Co. L.P.:  Overview Jobs Salaries
6
Hess
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Hess Corporation (formerly Amerada Hess Corporation) is an American global independent energy company engaged in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas. Hess, headquartered in New York City, placed #394 in the 2016 list of Fortune 500 corporations. In 2014, Hess completed a multi-year transformation to an exploration and production company by exiting all downstream operations, generating approximately $13 billion from assets sales beginning in 2013. Hess sold its gas station network to Marathon Petroleum (which operates under the retail brand Speedway); sold its wholesale and retail oil, natural gas and electricity marketing business to Direct Energy; closed its refineries in Port Reading NJ and St. Croix USVI (Hovensa JV with PDVSA); sold its bulk storage and terminalling business mostly to Buckeye Partners; and sold its 50% interests in two New Jersey power plants to their respective JV partners (Bayonne Energy Center: ArcLight Capital and Newark Energy Center: Ares EIF). Hess also sold its 50% interest in its JV commodities trading arm HETCO (Hess Energy Trading Company) to Oaktree Capital. HETCO is now known as Hartree Partners. ...Show MoreLearn More About Hess:  Overview Jobs Salaries
7
Con Edison
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Consolidated Edison, Inc., commonly known as Con Edison or Con Ed, is one of the largest investor-owned energy companies in the United States, with approximately $13 billion in annual revenues as of 2016, and over $47 billion in assets. The company provides a wide range of energy-related products and services to its customers through its subsidiaries: ...Show MoreLearn More About Con Edison:  Overview Jobs Salaries
8
Lazard
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Lazard, the world’s leading financial advisory and asset management firm, advises on mergers, acquisitions, restructuring, capital structure and strategy. ...Show MoreLearn More About Lazard:  Overview Jobs Salaries
9
Presidio
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Presidio is the premier provider of digital transformation solutions built on secure digital infrastructure deployed in a multi-cloud world. ...Show MoreLearn More About Presidio:  Overview Jobs Salaries
10
Tiffany & Co.
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Tiffany & Company (known colloquially as Tiffany or Tiffany's) is an American luxury jewelry and specialty retailer, headquartered in New York City. ...Show MoreLearn More About Tiffany & Co.:  Overview Jobs Salaries
11
Bloomberg
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Bloomberg delivers business and markets news, data, analysis, and video to the world, featuring stories from Businessweek and Bloomberg News ...Show MoreLearn More About Bloomberg:  Overview Jobs Salaries
12
Neuberger Berman
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Neuberger Berman is a private, independent, employee-owned investment manager. Visit https://t.co/lQ4Ko8I3r8 and click below for important disclosures. ...Show MoreLearn More About Neuberger Berman:  Overview Jobs Salaries
13
Morgan Stanley
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Morgan Stanley is an American multinational investment bank and financial services company headquartered at 1585 Broadway in the Morgan Stanley Building, Midtown Manhattan, New York City. With offices in more than 42 countries and more than 55,000 employees, the firm's clients include corporations, governments, institutions and individuals. ...Show MoreLearn More About Morgan Stanley:  Overview Jobs Salaries
14
Moody's
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Moody's Corporation, often referred to as Moody's, is an American business and financial services company. It is the holding company for Moody's Investors Service (MIS), an American credit rating agency, and Moody's Analytics (MA), an American provider of financial analysis software and services. ...Show MoreLearn More About Moody's:  Overview Jobs Salaries
15
AIG
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: American International Group, Inc., also known as AIG, is an American multinational finance and insurance corporation with operations in more than 80 countries and jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2016, AIG companies employed 56,400 people. The company operates through three core businesses: General Insurance, Life & Retirement, and a standalone technology-enabled subsidiary. General Insurance includes Commercial, Personal Insurance, U.S. and International field operations. Life & Retirement includes Group Retirement, Individual Retirement, Life, and Institutional Markets. ...Show MoreLearn More About AIG:  Overview Jobs Salaries
16
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an American multinational investment bank and financial services company headquartered in New York City. In addition to being the largest bank in the United States, JPMorgan is the world's second most valuable bank by market capitalization. ...Show MoreLearn More About JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Overview Jobs Salaries
17
BTG
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: BTG is a global specialist healthcare company bringing to market innovative products to better serve doctors and patients. ...Show MoreLearn More About BTG:  Overview Jobs Salaries
18
Moelis & Company
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Moelis & Company is a global independent investment bank that provides financial advisory services to corporations, governments and financial sponsors. The firm advises on strategic decisions such as mergers and acquisitions, recapitalizations and restructurings and other corporate finance matters. ...Show MoreLearn More About Moelis & Company:  Overview Jobs Salaries
19
CIT Group
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: CIT Group Inc. is a financial holding company incorporated in Delaware and headquartered in Pasadena, CA. The company's name is an abbreviation of an early corporate name, Commercial Investment Trust. It provides financing and leasing capital to customers in over 30 industries. CIT also operates CIT Bank. ...Show MoreLearn More About CIT Group:  Overview Jobs Salaries
20
Cantor Fitzgerald
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Cantor Fitzgerald is a financial services firm that was founded in 1945. It specializes in institutional equity, fixed income sales and trading, and serving the middle market with investment banking services, prime brokerage, and commercial real estate financing. It is also active in new businesses, including advisory and asset management services, gaming technology, and e-commerce. It has more than 5,000 institutional clients. ...Show MoreLearn More About Cantor Fitzgerald:  Overview Jobs Salaries
