1
Twitter
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Twitter (/ˈtwɪtər/) is an online news and social networking service on which users post and interact with messages known as "tweets". Tweets were originally restricted to 140 characters, but on November 7, 2017, this limit was doubled for all languages except Japanese, Korean, and Chinese. Registered users can post tweets, but those who are unregistered can only read them. Users access Twitter through its website interface, through Short Message Service (SMS) or mobile-device application software ("app"). Twitter, Inc. is based in San Francisco, California, and has more than 25 offices around the world. ...Show MoreLearn More About Twitter:  Overview Jobs Salaries
2
Wells Fargo
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Wells Fargo & Company is an American multinational financial services company headquartered in San Francisco, California, with central offices throughout the country. It is the world's second-largest bank by market capitalization and the third largest bank in the U.S. by total assets. In July 2015, Wells Fargo became the world's largest bank by market capitalization, edging past ICBC, before slipping behind JPMorgan Chase in September 2016, in the wake of a scandal involving the creation of over 2 million fake bank accounts by Wells Fargo employees. Wells Fargo surpassed Citigroup Inc. to become the third-largest U.S. bank by assets at the end of 2015. Wells Fargo is the second-largest bank in deposits, home mortgage servicing, and debit cards. ...Show MoreLearn More About Wells Fargo:  Overview Jobs Salaries
3
BNP Paribas
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: BNP Paribas is a French international banking group with a presence in 75 countries. It was formed through the merger of Banque Nationale de Paris (BNP) and Paribas in 2000, but has a corporate identity stretching back to its first foundation in 1848 as a national bank. It is one of three major international French banks, along with Société Générale and Le Crédit Lyonnais. The group is listed on the first market of Euronext Paris and a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index, while it also included in the French CAC 40 index. ...Show MoreLearn More About BNP Paribas:  Overview Jobs Salaries
4
First Republic Bank
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: First Republic Bank Corporation was an American bank based in Texas. Founded as the Guaranty Bank and Trust Company in 1920, in 1922 it assumed the name Republic National Bank of Dallas. Afterwards the bank acquired several banks and invested in others, and changed its name several times. By 1948 Republic had grown to become the largest bank in Texas. The bank failed in 1988, during the savings and loan crisis. In 1988 NCNB Corporation acquired First RepublicBank and in 1991 changed its name to NationsBank. ...Show MoreLearn More About First Republic Bank:  Overview Jobs Salaries
5
Blue Shield of California
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Login or become a Blue Shield of California member and explore providers, plans and member benefits ...Show MoreLearn More About Blue Shield of California:  Overview Jobs Salaries
6
Charles Schwab
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: The Charles Schwab Corporation is a bank and brokerage firm, based in San Francisco, California. It was founded in 1971 by Charles R. Schwab and is one of the largest banks in the United States and is one of the largest brokerage firms in the United States. The company provides services for individuals and institutions that are investing online. The company offers an electronic trading platform for the purchase and sale of financial securities including common stocks, preferred stocks, futures contracts, exchange-traded funds, options, mutual funds, and fixed income investments. It also provides margin lending, and cash management services, as well as services through registered investment advisers. ...Show MoreLearn More About Charles Schwab:  Overview Jobs Salaries
7
Salesforce
Zippia Score 4.9    Company Description: Salesforce.com, Inc. (styled in its logo as salesƒorce; abbreviated usually as SF or SFDC) is an American cloud computing company headquartered in San Francisco, California. Though its revenue comes from a customer relationship management (CRM) product, Salesforce also sells commercial applications of social networking through acquisition and internal development. ...Show MoreLearn More About Salesforce:  Overview Jobs Salaries
8
McKesson
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: McKesson Corporation is an American healthcare company distributing pharmaceuticals and providing health information technology, medical supplies, and care management tools. The company had revenues of $198.5 billion in 2017. ...Show MoreLearn More About McKesson:  Overview Jobs Salaries
9
FibroGen
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: FibroGen creates first-in-class medicines to treat chronic and life-threatening conditions such as anemia, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, and pancreatic cancer. ...Show MoreLearn More About FibroGen:  Overview Jobs Salaries
10
Postmates
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: Postmates is a logistics company that operates a network of couriers who deliver goods locally. ...Show MoreLearn More About Postmates:  Overview Jobs Salaries
11
Nektar Therapeutics
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: Nektar Therapeutics (Nektar) is an American biopharmaceutical company. The company was founded in 1990 and is based in San Francisco, California. The company develops new drug candidates by applying its proprietary PEGylation and advanced polymer conjugate technologies to modify chemical structure of substances. It is a technology supplier to a number of pharmaceutical companies including Affymax, Amgen, Merck, Pfizer and UCB Pharma, etc. The company developed the world's first inhalable non-injectable insulin, Exubera, which was awarded as the bronze award by Wall Street Journal for its technological breakthrough. ...Show MoreLearn More About Nektar Therapeutics:  Overview Jobs Salaries
12
Levi Strauss & Co.
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: Levi Strauss & Co. /ˌliːvaɪ ˈstraʊs/ is a privately held American clothing company known worldwide for its Levi's /ˌliːvaɪz/ brand of denim jeans. It was founded in May 1853 when German immigrant Levi Strauss came from Buttenheim, Bavaria, to San Francisco, California to open a west coast branch of his brothers' New York dry goods business. The company's corporate headquarters is located in the Levi's Plaza in San Francisco. ...Show MoreLearn More About Levi Strauss & Co.:  Overview Jobs Salaries
13
Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: The public website of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. FRBSF is one of the twelve regional Federal Reserve banks across the U.S. that, with the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., serve as our nation's central bank. ...Show MoreLearn More About Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco:  Overview Jobs Salaries
14
Gap
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: The Gap, Inc., commonly known as Gap Inc. or Gap, (stylized as GAP) is an American worldwide clothing and accessories retailer. ...Show MoreLearn More About Gap:  Overview Jobs Salaries
15
Dolby Laboratories
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: Dolby Laboratories, Inc. (often shortened to Dolby Labs) is a British-American company specializing in audio noise reduction and audio encoding/compression. Dolby licenses its technologies to consumer electronics manufacturers. ...Show MoreLearn More About Dolby Laboratories:  Overview Jobs Salaries
16
Square
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: Square, Inc. is a financial services, merchant services aggregator, and mobile payment company based in San Francisco, California. The company markets several software and hardware payments products, including Square Contactless and Chip Reader, Square Stand, Square Register and Square Magstripe Reader, and has expanded into small business services such as Square Capital, a financing program, Cash App, a person-to-person payments service, Appointments, Gift Cards/eGift Cards, Invoices, Virtual Terminal, Marketing, Loyalty, Employee Management, and Square Payroll. The company was founded in 2009 by Jack Dorsey and Jim McKelvey and launched its first app and service in 2010. It has been traded as a public company on the New York Stock Exchange since November 2015 with the ticker symbol SQ. ...Show MoreLearn More About Square:  Overview Jobs Salaries
17
Advent Software
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: Advent Software is a software company that makes software designed to automate portfolio accounting for investment management firms, ranging from family offices and investment advisers to large institutional investors and hedge funds. The company has customers in 60 countries that manage some $18 trillion in assets. ...Show MoreLearn More About Advent Software:  Overview Jobs Salaries
18
Marin Software
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: Marin Software is an online advertising company headquartered in San Francisco. ...Show MoreLearn More About Marin Software:  Overview Jobs Salaries
19
Uber
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: Uber Technologies Inc. is a peer-to-peer ridesharing, food delivery, and transportation network company headquartered in San Francisco, California, with operations in 633 cities worldwide. Its platforms can be accessed via its websites and mobile apps. ...Show MoreLearn More About Uber:  Overview Jobs Salaries
20
Sunrun
Zippia Score 4.8    Company Description: Sunrun home solar panels allow you to lock in low home energy rates for the next 20 years. Easy solar financing options + solar panel installation included. ...Show MoreLearn More About Sunrun:  Overview Jobs Salaries
